docs: Describe the subsidization of paymaster cell (#252)
ckb-cell/rgbpp-sdk: README.md

    2. continuously fetch request from the queue through a **cron job**
    3. check whether the **confirmations** of `req.rgbpp_btc_txid` is sufficient
    4. generate the **witnesses for RgbppLocks** in the `rgbpp_ckb_tx_virtual`
    5. add a **paymaster cell** into `rgbpp_ckb_tx_virtual` inputs if the CKB capacity is insufficient
        1. need to **verify the existence of paymaster UTXO** in the rgbpp_btc_tx
          > based on the exchange rates of BTC and CKB, [the paymaster BTC UTXO's value](https://api.rgbpp.io/docs/static/index.html#/RGB%2B%2B/get_rgbpp_v1_paymaster_info) required to subsidize a paymaster CKB cell is approximately: `paymaster_utxo_sats ~= 316 * ${ckb_price} / ${btc_price} * 100000000`

>         2. sign the paymaster cell and the entire transaction if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. sign the paymaster cell and the entire transaction if needed

```

    2. continuously fetch request from the queue through a **cron job**
    3. check whether the **confirmations** of `req.rgbpp_btc_txid` is sufficient
    4. generate the **witnesses for RgbppLocks** in the `rgbpp_ckb_tx_virtual`
    5. add a **paymaster cell** into `rgbpp_ckb_tx_virtual` inputs if the CKB capacity is insufficient
        1. need to **verify the existence of paymaster UTXO** in the rgbpp_btc_tx

>         2. based on the exchange rates of BTC and CKB, the BTC required to subsidize a paymaster cell is approximately **12,000 satoshi**. 
>         3. sign the paymaster cell and the entire transaction if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          > based on the exchange rates of BTC and CKB, [the paymaster UTXO's value](https://api.rgbpp.io/docs/static/index.html#/RGB%2B%2B/get_rgbpp_v1_paymaster_info) required to subsidize a paymaster CKB cell is approximately: `paymaster_utxo_sats ~= 316 * ${ckb_price} / ${btc_price} * 100000000`
        2. sign the paymaster cell and the entire transaction if needed
```
